(Episode 20)
Did you sleep well?
From now on,
I don't think...
I can make you happier than the times we spent in New York.
Despite that,
I cannot divorce you...
right at this very minute.
I'm sorry, Mo Hyun.
Then...
I must proceed with the divorce suit.
That is probably...
your alternative.
Boo Cheon, come to my room by seven.
We must discuss a pressing matter.
Boo Cheon.
Executive Jung.
In order for Boo Cheon...
to become the chairman of Cheong A from the vice chairman,
it may take 3 to 5 years.
Under the premise...
that there's no competition.
This explains how to make Cheong A Bio into a holding company...
and legally acquire affiliated companies under Cheong A.
Make Cheong A Bio into a holding company?
When Cheong A Bio becomes the holding company,
Boo Cheon will be the chairman of Cheong A Bio...
and have the complete control over Cheong A Group.
That's my plan.
How long does it take to make...
Cheong A Bio into a holding company?
I only need two months.
Boo Cheon...
can become...
the head of Cheong A Group within two months?
- Pil Joo. - I'm aware...
that it won't be easy.
The Blue House, National Assembly, Financial Services Commission,
Ministry of Commerce, Industry and Energy,
and Ministry of Health and Welfare in charge of national pension...
will try to interfere.
However,
I will...
make this happen, Executive Jung.
Okay.
Pil Joo, you put your mind to it.
I'm sure you'll make that happen.
But...
if there was a way to make him the chairman over short period of time,
why didn't you tell me sooner?
I have been waiting for President Jang Seong Man...
to take a step back.
His uncle would probably...
want to make Cheong A Trading the holding company...
because he has a lot of shares in Cheong A Trading.
So you've been keeping this a secret.
Boo Cheon.
I can go to New York when I finish...
this project, right?
You were going to transfer him to New York?
You don't have to go now.
You have an important project.
Then what I need to do is...
announcing my intention that I am going to...
make Cheong A Bio the holding company as the vice chairman, right?
Yes.
I'll take care of everything else.
All right.
Let's hear what our vice chairman's suggestion is.
What is it you want to discuss,
Vice Chairman Jang?
Grandfather.
Uncle.
After disbanding Strategy Team,
we need another way to control our affiliated companies.
The best way for that...
is to set up a holding company.
Setting up a holding company would be great.
Without having to spend much money, we can control the whole group.
Of course, that's a good plan.
So it brings to my next point.
I plan to make Cheong A Bio the holding company.
You must not, Boo Cheon.
If we are going to set up a holding company,
it must be Cheong A Trading, the center of Cheong A Group.
I agree, Grandfather. It only makes sense for Cheong A Trading,
the pillar of Cheong A, to become the holding company.
You're only saying that because your father holds a lot of shares...
from Cheong A Trading which will be yours later on.
We must focus on which company will give Cheong A the most profits.
It'd be great if the company with which we can acquire...
the most shares with the minimum investment...
becomes the holding company.
In that case, it'd be better to make Cheong A Bio the holding company...
as the shares are undervalued.
Attorney Kang, tell me your opinion.
I advise to promote Vice Chairman Jang to the chairman of...
the holding company before the presidential inauguration.
Are you certain you can turn Cheong A Bio into...
the holding company before the new administration kicks off?
It's not an easy task.
However,
I can deliver what's promised.
As many governmental divisions are involved in the process,
Attorney Kang is the most qualified to push forward this project...
since he is an expert in handling governmental businesses.
- Vice Chairman Jang. - Yes, Grandfather.
For the brighter future of Cheong A,
establishing a holding company is integral.
Let's settle that Cheong A Bio will become the holding company.
Have Attorney Kang proceed with the project.
Yes, sir.
I will.
- Here he is! - He's coming out.
The prosecution has sent a subpoena. Will you comply with it?
I didn't receive anything. What do you mean, a subpoena?
Do you admit to the embezzlement charge?
We are informed you are suspected of tax evasion as well.
- Do you admit to the charges? - Please answer our questions!
- Please share a word! - Are the charges true?
Why do you think only Cheong A is charged of these?
- Do you admit to the charges? - Please make a comment.
Please state your position!
What is that?
This mail arrived just now.
So what is it?
It's a subpoena to visit the prosecutors' office...
for an investigation.
(Seoul Central District Prosecutor's Office)
Relay my message to Minister Park.
Okay.
I see. I will call you again.
It was a junior alumnus in the Minister of Justice.
The minister...
won't be able to talk to you for the time being.
Why not?
Well, to put it simply, it's because...
you're from Cheong A.
According to my alumnus,
someone anonymously provided the prosecution...
with part of the evidence...
which shows that you violated the law...
on Special Economic Crimes such as embezzlement,
concealing the profits, and evasion of taxes.
With the information received,
they are conducting an investigation.
It's my understanding that they subpoenaed you...
as it cannot be disregarded.
Sir, I believe this is...
Attorney Kang's doing.
Don't you think he may use the rest of the information?
Attorney Kang is such a lowlife. What a scumbag.
Why is he being so disagreeable?
The first priority is handling the subpoena.
When you go to prosecutors' office, press is one thing to worry about.
But if your case is assigned to a team of prosecutors whose goal is...
taking down influential figures,
it will be a serious problem.
What are you doing?
The person you have reached is not available.
(Yong Goo)
(Jang Kook Hwan)
(Repair)
Yong Goo. Yong Goo.
(Jang Kook Hwan)
What a scumbag.
He's been collecting dirt on me for all these years?
What is this?
There were some files on Attorney Kang himself.
I thought this might come in handy...
when you want to rein over Attorney Kang.
(Attorney Kang Pil Joo)
Tell him that I have about...
100 backup files on what he took from me,
Mr. Woo.
Why are you and the chairman having this war?
Didn't the chairman tell you the cause of this war?
He only said he is trying to teach you a lesson.
- My reason is the same. - What?
The chairman tends to...
never change his mind once he makes his decision.
I'm trying to change that about him.
I'm helping him to be flexible in his thinking.
Even so.
Don't you think being investigated by the prosecution is a bit much?
How could you, out of all people, do this to him?
If he doesn't...
listen to me again,
he will have no choice but serve time.
Attorney Kang!
(Files on Illegal Wiretap)
(Manipulating the Public Regarding Sudden Unintended Acceleration)
(Abducting an Employee and Blackmailing)
Call Mr. Cha.
Mr. Cha. Honorary Chairman Jang...
would like to speak to you.
Yes.
Hey, Mr. Cha.
I'll send over Attorney Kang.
Why don't you arrange an interview...
for him to take out a loan?
Yes, sir.
I will proceed as soon as he arrives, sir.
All right.
Let's discuss this further when we meet.
Okay. Bye.
Okay.
What was awaiting at the end of your plan?
It was making you serve time in prison, sir.
After I take over your shares with the loan,
I'll talk to the prosecutors.
I'll talk them through not to investigate you.
Not even the Minister of Justice could do that,
but can you?
It's my job...
to make it work.
Are you...
aiming to be a chairman...
just because you're Soo Man's son?
Of course.
How dare you get...
Cheong A's chairmanship when you're a kid out of wedlock?
That's nonsense.
Pil Joo.
You're...
suffering a lot because of me.
I know.
You know...
those girls who give...
their bodies,
hearts,
money,
and even souls to bad boys.
Are you...
that girl?
I'm worse.
I'm scared...
I'd devote...
my life...
for you.
I shouldn't have mistaken you as a mother...
for washing my pants that I peed...
and making me ramyeon.
I won't make you suffer anymore.
I'm going to end it all.
Soon.
(Pulipchae)
Two servings please.
Yes.
You must wait...
because we cook rice...
as you order.
Sure.
Good service.
Boo Cheon.
This isn't good enough...
considering what you've done for me.
I know.
You've become mature after going to Myanmar.
It's not because of Myanmar,
but I've become a better person because you called me in.
By the way,
Boo Cheon.
About the holding company...
You're getting to the point now.
Did Kang Pil Joo suggest it to you?
Whoever suggested it,
what matters is that it benefits Cheong A, doesn't it?
Why would he pick Cheong A Bio for a holding company specifically?
Haven't you thought about it?
Kang Pil Joo wants to make Cheong A Bio the holding company...
even by ruining my father's plan of...
making Trading a holding company that committees approved.
Hey, Jang Yeo Cheon.
Wake up.
The holding company...
is my authority.
Mr. Cha. How are you?
I'm very good.
I'm just worried about you.
Actually...
you father asked me for a loan.
I'm calling you because I don't feel good about it.
What?
That much?
Okay.
Thank you.
Mal Ran.
Father called Mr. Cha himself...
to lend money to Pil Joo.
He has enough money.
Why would he get a loan?
What if...
he's getting a loan to purchase Cheong A shares?
If Pil Joo starts purchasing Cheong A shares...
and becomes the biggest shareholder of Cheong A,
that's very serious.
He's a baby of a tiger.
You don't know when he'll show his claws.
So you must always be careful.
Seong Man.
Pil Joo, Boo Cheon, and I...
We're...
a snowball on a roll.
The snowball keeps getting bigger.
If you keep visiting me to break it,
it'll be a waste of your time.
Watch...
Pil Joo quietly.
Don't show that you know he's got the loan.
Pil Joo...
will cause big trouble one day...
for sure.
(Mooshimwon)
Are you getting a loan from Mr. Cha?
Yes.
For what?
When Honorary Chairman Jang sells...
a batch of Cheong A Bio shares,
I'm going to participate in taking over,
so I got the loan.
Daeil Distribution that I gave you,
Father's Cheong A Bio shares,
and Cheong A shares you buy on a borrowed name...
I'm...
getting curious...
what your intention is.
Executive Jung.
I'm...
Kang Pil Joo who's called Jang Boo Cheon's dog.
My intention is...
of course...
for Boo Cheon.
Buying it...
to protect Boo Cheon...
when his control of the company is in danger?
Pil Joo.
If...
you...
betray me,
I'll make you pay.
Didn't you say Daeil Distribution shares I gave you...
as a compensation was more than you expected?
If you betray me,
you'll have to pay...
in a way that you've never seen before.
You won't even be able to imagine it.
I thought it's best to...
tell you about how I feel...
because...
people keep telling me...
about you.
I feel...
relieved now.
I...
told Boo Cheon that I want a divorce, Mother.
Says who?
Grandfather said...
he will never allow a divorce.
It'll ruin Boo Cheon's reputation.
I don't think...
I need anyone's permission to get a divorce.
You...
threatened me...
not to talk about a divorce...
even when you found out...
about Boo Cheon's affair.
Why do you want to get a divorce now?
I've changed my mind.
I know.
I'm asking what made you change your mind.
I found out...
that money is related...
with my marriage.
Since you're getting a divorce because you don't want to be...
- related with money, the alimony... - I asked Boo Cheon...
to give me the alimony and the fortune he got after the marriage.
What did you just say?
I said I asked him for...
alimony and division of property.
You can't divorce.
But I'll divide the property...
on a reasonable compromise.
You'll feel better when you have your share.
Why are you quiet?
Mother.
I can't be happy in Mooshimwon anymore.
Then where would you go?
Who would you be happy with?
Are you...
getting a divorce to live with Pil Joo?
Pardon me?
If you live with Pil Joo,
it'll be the biggest pain...
in Boo Cheon's life.
Mother.
Don't split Boo Cheon and Pil Joo.
Think wise.
For now,
go rest at your mother's house for a few days.
Boo Cheon's going to be the official chairman soon.
We must maintain a good mood.
You must not ruin the mood.
Mother.
Don't forget that I'm keeping Boo Cheon's secret.
You should keep your manner to me.
Also,
the lawsuit...
will take a while.
Cheong A should take care of...
Boo Cheon's reputation on its own.
[VIU Ver] E20 Money Flower "You Won't Know This Feeling"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Soo Man.
The boy you're holding...
came to see me.
I don't think...
I can keep your son...
who is holding grudge.
He's been waiting for 20 years.
I'm scared.
Cheong A Group will become the holding company starting tomorrow.
According to the share report that Cheong A submitted,
Vice Chairman Jang Boo Cheon will be the representative...
of Cheong A Holdings that's launching officially tomorrow.
It seems...
Vice Chairman Jang Boo Cheon's action in Cheong A Bio...
and his management skill contributed to this.
From now,
Cheong A Group will officially become a holding company...
with Chairman Jang Boo Cheon in the center.
Boo Cheon...
will become the chairman...
of Cheong A tomorrow.
Yes, Executive Jung.
You, Boo Cheong,
and I...
did it.
Do you remember?
The first night you came to Mooshimwon.
Two of us...
talked about Boo Cheon becoming the chairman at that night.
I asked you...
to help lonely Boo Cheon...
becoming the chairman.
You granted my favor...
so perfectly.
You're...
such an amazing man.
If you...
study together with lonely Boo Cheon,
when Boo Cheon becomes...
the chairman of Cheong A,
I'll never forget what you've done for us.
(Cheong A Bio switches to a holding company.)
(Vice Chairman Jang Boo Cheon becomes the chairman today.)
Executive Jung wants you over.
It's Boo Cheon's inauguration tomorrow.
I feel uneasy about someone...
on this happy event.
That's you, Secretary Oh.
If...
I'm pressuring you that much,
I'll leave Mooshimwon.
Will you do that for me?
Of course.
It's for you.
Right.
You leaving Mooshimwon now...
is for me...
and for Boo Cheon.
Chairman Jang.
Congratulations on your first day at work.
- Thank you, Secretary Oh. - Chairman Jang.
It's my last day at Mooshimwon today.
Pardon?
You never told me you're quitting.
I want to take a break.
It's about time now.
You worked for Mooshimwon even before I was born.
- Yes. - Wherever you go,
leave your contact number to Mom.
Yes.
Read it...
when you get to China.
I brought some coffee for you.
Thank you.
Today,
Boo Cheon's inaugural ceremony will be held.
Although you can't tell others,
you can be happy...
and proud of him as much as you want alone.
I am...
very pleased inside.
Executive Jung,
you must be happy...
for the rest of your life...
no matter what.
(Director Jang Boo Cheon)
(Director Jang, it's cold outside these days. Please bundle up.)
I'll manage Cheong A with growth and innovation...
at the core.
I, Jang Boo Cheon, will take the lead.
("New Holding Company Cheong A Bio, Vice Chairman Jang's Inauguration")
Director Jang,
it's cold outside these days.
Please bundle up.
Pil Joo,
let's go.
Chairman Jang Boo Cheon...
of Cheong A Bio is coming in.
(Cheong A Bio, Inauguration of Chairman Jang Boo Cheon)
Dear fellow members of Cheong A Bio.
I'm Jang Boo Cheon...
of Cheong A Bio, the holding company of Cheong A Group.
Cheong A is about to make...
a new leap forward.
I'll manage Cheong A with growth and innovation...
at the core.
I, Jang Boo Cheon,
will take the lead.
I'd like to kindly ask you for your full support...
and cooperation.
During the last two months,
I went over the document Dad left.
And I found...
it had many policies regarding reformation of conglomerates.
Going through the documents,
I thought to myself,
maybe I should...
work in politics someday.
The world Dad wanted to make.
I'll make it.
That's why I wanted to meet you and ask you for advice.
Politics.
- It's not something anyone can do. - I'm not just anyone.
I've watched my father work in politics...
for 25 years since I was 10.
He was...
a faithful...
and upright politician.
Except that he got money from Cheong A Group at the end,
I should do...
as I've been taught by Dad.
I want to start...
by running for the general election in Dad's local constituency.
(Cheong A Foundation Intranet)
This is blocked accounting documents of Cheong A Foundation.
Please let me open the files.
There must be a problem.
I will reveal it to the world...
using my name.
Then...
I might be able to win the nomination.
All right.
I was forgetting...
that...
you're Congressman Na Gi Chul's daughter.
(Inauguration of Chairman Jang Boo Cheon)
Pil Joo.
Thank you.
I once wanted to live idle with the money Dad left me.
But I've become the chairman of the holding company.
Now that I've become the chairman,
I feel so happy.
Pil Joo.
You'll never know how I feel.
I'm happy for you.
Now that you're happy,
it makes me happy too.
Hey.
You're a friend of a chairman.
This is the first call I get as the chairman.
Hello?
Yes. I know Mr. Oh Ki Pyung.
The police?
(Police Station)
I've suffered from depression for a long time.
It's getting harder to live.
I want to rest now.
Please have me cremated and scatter my ashes.
Boo Cheon.
I saw Secretary Oh.
And...
There's...
a suicide note?
Yes.
Don't tell Mom about it.
Okay. That'd be better.
I hung up the suit for the inauguration ceremony...
in your dressing room.
Okay.
Just like your dad,
you look good in a dark navy suit.
Mom. When you talk...
about my dad,
I sometimes feel confused about...
which dad you're referring to.
What's that supposed to mean?
Which dad?
I have two fathers.
Vice President Soo Man.
And someone else I don't know of.
My real father.
My biological father.
You don't have...
any father other than Vice President Jang Soo Man.
Mom.
For the past five years since I found I'm not the son of the Jangs,
I've never...
talked about it...
with you.
Now that I'm having...
the inaugural ceremony tomorrow,
I wanted to talk about it with you for the first and the last time.
I should...
talk about it at least once.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
By the way,
there's something I'm really curious about.
Do I...
even look like...
Vice President Jang Soo Man?
You're an absolute spitting image of him.
That's a relief.
Don't you...
ever say...
that you have two fathers again. Okay?
Okay. Today is the last day.
I'll forget all about it.
(Executive Jung Mal Ran)
Executive Jung.
All right.
I'll go to the outhouse then.
What is it?
I recorded the conversation between Executive Jung and Boo Cheon.
Please play it after I leave.
Also, you should listen to it by yourself.
Other people must not listen to it.
What are you up to this time?
I will get going then.
Mom,
when you talked about my dad,
I sometimes feel confused about...
which dad you're referring to.
What's that supposed to mean?
Which dad?
I have two fathers.
Vice President Soo Man.
And someone else I don't know of. My real father.
My biological father.
You don't have...
any father other than Vice President Jang Soo Man.
For the past five years...
since I found out I'm not the son of the Jangs,
I've never talked about it...
with you.
You said...
you had something to report privately.
That's right.
I can't wait to hear it, Pil Joo.
You often said,
"Executive Jung"
"It's such a sunny day."
"I'll go tell the housekeeper..."
"to bring you some tea to the garden."
And sometimes...
you asked me...
to drink champagne together.
Whenever you said that, something good happened.
Would it be...
something...
even greater...
than the news...
that my son, Boo Cheon,
became the chairman?
Go ahead, Pil Joo.
I am here...
to give you...
the last work report,
Executive Jung.
Executive Jung,
Jang Eun Cheon is...
alive.
And...
he is...
even...
very...
near you.
What are you talking about?
Kang Pil Joo,
the one right in front of you,
is...
the eldest son of Mr. Jang Soo Man,
Jang Eun Cheon.
(Money Flower)